README.rst, before:

LORE
----
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/mitodl/lore.svg
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/mitodl/lore
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/mitodl/lore.svg
    :target: https://coveralls.io/r/mitodl/lore
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/mitodl/lore.svg
    :target: https://github.com/mitodl/lore/issues
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPLv3-blue.svg
    :target: https://github.com/mitodl/lore/blob/master/LICENSE


Getting Started
===============

You can either run this locally with a default sqlite database after
installing the requirements.txt file, or if you have Docker and
prefer a cleaner environment, install docker-compose with ``pip
install docker-compose`` and run ``docker-compose up``. This will set up
a near production-ready containerized development environment that
runs migrations, with the django development server running on
port 8070.

To run one-off commands, like shell, you can run
``docker-compose run web python manage.py shell`` or to create root
user, etc.

Adding an application
=====================

To add an application to this, add it to the requirements file, add
its needed settings, include its URLs, and provide any needed template
overrides.


Testing
=======

The project is set up with
`tox<https://tox.readthedocs.org/en/latest/>`_ and
`py.test<http://pytest.org/latest/>`_. It will run pylint, pep8, and
py.test tests with coverage. It will also generate an HTML coverage
report. To run them all inside the docker image, run ``docker-compose
run web tox``, or if you are running locally, after installing the
requirements file, just run ``tox``.

Continuous Testing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you want test to run on file changes, the
``test_requirements.txt`` adds pytest-watcher, which can be started with
``ptw``. This unfortunately will not work well in the docker environment
because the file events it uses are fired on the host OS, and not the
docker OS. I have added an
`issue<https://github.com/joeyespo/pytest-watch/issues/9>`_ to the
`pytest-watch repo<https://github.com/joeyespo/pytest-watch>`_

Commit message:

Update to latest pytest-watch for watching in docker Be explicit about None type for config file in settings Correct minor Dockerfile permission issue Sleep before running migrations to wait for the DB

README.rst, after:

LORE
----
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/mitodl/lore.svg
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/mitodl/lore
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/mitodl/lore.svg
    :target: https://coveralls.io/r/mitodl/lore
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/mitodl/lore.svg
    :target: https://github.com/mitodl/lore/issues
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPLv3-blue.svg
    :target: https://github.com/mitodl/lore/blob/master/LICENSE


Getting Started
===============

You can either run this locally with a default sqlite database after
installing the requirements.txt file, or if you have Docker and
prefer a cleaner environment, install docker-compose with ``pip
install docker-compose`` and run ``docker-compose up``. This will set up
a near production-ready containerized development environment that
runs migrations, with the django development server running on
port 8070.

To run one-off commands, like shell, you can run
``docker-compose run web python manage.py shell`` or to create root
user, etc.

Adding an application
=====================

To add an application to this, add it to the requirements file, add
its needed settings, include its URLs, and provide any needed template
overrides.


Testing
=======

The project is setup with
`tox <https://tox.readthedocs.org/en/latest/>`_ and
`py.test <http://pytest.org/latest/>`_. It will run pylint, pep8, and
py.test tests with coverage. It will also generate an HTML coverage
report. To run them all inside the docker image, run ``docker-compose
run web tox``, or if you are running locally, after installing the
requirements file, just run ``tox``.


Continuous Testing
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you want test to run on file changes, the ``test_requirements.txt``
adds pytest-watcher, which can be started with:
``docker-compose run web ptw --poll``
For additional options like having it say "passed"
out loud, or sending desktop notifications for failures see the
`README <https://github.com/joeyespo/pytest-watch/blob/master/README.md>`_.
Keep in mind, there can be a bit of a lag between saves and the test running.
